CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given. 

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/dyve/django-bootstrap3/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

django-bootstrap3 could always use more documentation, whether as part of the 
official django-bootstrap3 docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/dyve/django-bootstrap3/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `django-bootstrap3` for local development.

1. Fork the `django-bootstrap3` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone https://github.com/your_username_here/django-bootstrap3.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ mkvirtualenv django-bootstrap3
    $ cd django-bootstrap3/
    $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the
tests, including testing other Python versions with tox::

    $ flake8 bootstrap3 tests
    $ python setup.py test
    $ tox

To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv. 

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
3. The pull request should work for Python 2.6, 2.7, and 3.3, and for PyPy. Check 
   https://travis-ci.org/dyve/django-bootstrap3/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests::

    $ python -m unittest tests.test_bootstrap3

Commit message:

V12 (#461)
Require Django >= 2.1 and Python >= 3.6

* Move developer commands to Makefile, add twine dependency
* Remove Python 2 code, clean up string concats, check other PR comments
* Fix Makefile and requirements
* Remove Python 2 code
* Remove references to Django 1.8

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given. 

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at https://github.com/dyve/django-bootstrap3/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

django-bootstrap3 could always use more documentation, whether as part of the 
official django-bootstrap3 docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/dyve/django-bootstrap3/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `django-bootstrap3` for local development.

1. Fork the `django-bootstrap3` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone https://github.com/your_username_here/django-bootstrap3.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ mkvirtualenv django-bootstrap3
    $ cd django-bootstrap3/
    $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, apply reformat and check that your changes pass the tests::

    $ make reformat
    $ make test
    $ make tox

See which commands are being run in Makefile. Note that `make test` runs on your local environment, and that `make tox` runs a separate virtualenv for all supported configurations.

The packages required for development are in `requirements.txt`.

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
3. The pull request should work for Python 2.6, 2.7, and 3.3, and for PyPy. Check 
   https://travis-ci.org/dyve/django-bootstrap3/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests::

    $ python -m unittest tests.test_bootstrap3
